LIFE GUN
~~~~~~~~~~~

Premise:
You weild a gun that animates whatever you shoot, giving it life. 
Those given life will (probably?) follow your command.
Your goal is to bring a dead world to life.

Controls:
Move, jump, run, crouch?
One firing option, result varies on what is hit and the power of the gun. Simple as that.
Right click held to point, left click when pointing to select follower and/or command follower(s).
There should be no (or extremely minimal) UI, since the controls and gameplay should be very basic and intuitive

Projected lore ideas:
- You are the last (or one of the last) survivors on a dying planet, a scientist desperately trying to create a tool to revive the world.
- You are a wanderer from another planet with advanced life force technology, with some motive:
	+ Your ship is alive, but died in a crash landing. You need to bring the land to life to collect enough life force to revive your ship.
	+ You want to spread life as a benevolent stranger
	+ You want to test the device or experiment on the planet out of curiosity
	+ You want to play God
	+ You are bored
	+ Some other reason
	This motive could also be left to the player to decide, maybe even only hinted to by dialogue options presented to the player as to why they are there.

- Lore could be surface level and fun, or could run deep and include environmental storytelling
- World is long dead and few (if any) survivors exist

Projected Climax/Main Conflict Ideas:
- The planet is a lost cause and your efforts are combatted with disasters and deadly atmosphere (threats should not be living entities)
- Some person or entity wants to stop you bringing life to the planet.
- Some things do not wish to be alive, or become hostile when given life.

Gameplay Loop:
You shoot whatever you can to give it life.
Your gun increases in power (given some mechanic), allowing it to bring life to more larger, powerful things, culminating in the planet itself being shot alive.
Those given life can be commanded around to attack other things, embuing them with its power (rock eats rock, gets bigger; rock attacks fire, becomes flaming rock).
This allows a lot of open ended play to what things can be combined, but might be hard to implement.
You can choose between giving life to a lot of basic things, or having your followers absorb other things to become stronger.

Objects:
Tier 1:
- Rock
Tier 2:
- Fire
- Small spots of land, which creates sprouts
- Sprouts

Progression:
Player starts with a tiny bit of time to take in the environment and familiarize themselves (hmm its barren with some rocks)
Player finds or somehow acquires life gun, and nearby in view there is a conspicuous rock 
	[painted with an X or set up specially, maybe with some diagrams or drawings of the gun shooting a rock and it coming to life?] 
	(looks like a target, guess I'll try out this gun)
Rock comes to life (wow I guess thats what it does!) 
Player moves and rock follows (it seems to be partial to me)
Player is told how to point and notices that the rock goes where you point